hello I'm Paul people from polluter
prestige and welcome to the program
today I'd like to show you some of the
bargains that are on eBay with the
economy in the and have a look
at this it's a Louis Vuitton Louie
Vuitton president classy air briefcase
and it's just absolutely amazing and
it's just over the thousand US dollar
mark a thousand and forty nine dollars
and just have a look here this is the
some of the pics here unfortunately he's
taken some of the other pics down now
that it's sold to me but I have a look
it's a genuine Louis Vuitton president
classy air this is over it's about five
four five thousand four hundred dollars
and this one here is not in bad
condition it's um
I could polish the brass that's nothing
the brass is you know it could do with a
polish but it's all the fundamentals are
so good the interiors good the keys are
good the other side edging which stick
it's a little bit bit bumped around a
bit it's pretty bloody good and all for
just over a thousand dollars I mean it's
absolutely amazing buying I just gotta
say this is fantastic buying this would
never have been available at this price
if the economy wasn't in the
I mean the economy can you imagine this
someone's paid four and a half I'm sorry
five and a half thousand five thousand
four hundred for this briefcase and
they've they're selling it now through a
dealer and the dealers reselling it for
a thousand and fifty and it costs me all
up shipped to Australia it cost me about
eleven hundred and thirty dollars it was
$80 for the UH for the shipping DMS
shipping I got it I only just paid for
it of a couple or so a week or so ago
and now it's turned up and I'm just I'm
just amazed how can people part with
such treasure for such a low return and
I mean the briefcase it's had a little
bit of you
but Jesus Christ a thousand and fifty
bucks plus shipping eleven hundred and
thirty dollars for a Louis Vuitton
president classier are you out of your
mind I mean that's just that's nickels
in the dollar and it's a classic piece
hard case louis vuitton briefcase and uh
i mean i don't know what the hell has
happened to the world there and uh I
mean look you go on eBay and you know of
course what do I think it's worth well I
think this here is probably worth it if
I was going to sell it I'd won at least
two I think it's probably worth in a
second-hand vintage shop probably two
and a half to three that's what they'd
sell it for it's bloody good
fundamentals I'd probably polish up the
brass I'm gonna put together a video on
cleaning this piece and I'm just
absolutely amazed that it I bought it
for just over a thousand US dollars and
uh that's bloody clever buying and III
don't know what to say I mean you got to
keep an eye out not all the things are
bargains there's some things with the
economy in the shit's some of the things
they're actually quite expensive but you
got a sniper
those bargains when they come up I'm
Paul Pluto from Paul pooter prestige
tell me what you think of my thousand
dollar Louie Vuitton president briefcase